# ksenija_webapp
Author Ksenija Nikolova (Book Writer Web App) Jul 2021 – Dec 2021  Project descriptionThis web app is made for Ksenija Nikolova who is a writer and currently has written 7 books. This application consists of: Home, Books(List of books), Book Detail, Press&amp;Reviews, Biography, Contact page. For her fans, they can Register and Login on this app. They can add some comment or if they like some of her book, they can add like and of course, if someone forgot the password, they can go to forgot password and add your email, where a message with a link to change the password arrives. I made for her personal part (admin room), where she can add, update, delete book and events for Press&amp;Reviews (like press conference, interviews or something similar). She can see all registered users and she can delete if someone is incorrect with comments. There is the section and where the messages sent from the contact section arrive. I made it myself starting from planning ( https://trello.com/b/CcnTDKg9/book-writer-web-app, pen and notebook ), Database, Web API, till Front end, U.I and Deploy or Hosting on Windows host with Plesk. Technologies: 1. Database: SQL Server Management Studio 2. O.R.M.: Entity Framework 3. Web API Restful: .Net Core 3.1 4. Program Language: C# 5. Secure: Identity and JWT Token Bearer 6. Front end Framework: Angular 12 7. Language: TypeScript (JavaScript transpiler) 8. U.I: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap  Web hosting company: Mkhost  Customer: Ksenija Nikolova - Occupation: Book Writer     Link - https://ksenijawrites.com
